# lifi
Li-Fi technology is an efficient data communication mechanism involving visible light as a medium of transmission. The main ideology behind this technological innovation is that visible light illuminated by a light emitting diode (LED) is methodically amplitude modulated at the transmission end by rapid switching of LED lights at a speed not perceptible to human eye, whereas at the receiving end, photodiodes detect the modulated light and demodulates it to binary form by synchronized receiver circuits. It consists of a light source, line-of-sight (LOS) propagation medium, and a light detector. Information (streaming content), in the form of digital or analogue signals, is input to electronic circuitry that modulates the light source. The source output passes through an optical system (to control the emitted radiation, e.g., to ensure that the transmitter is eye safe) into the free space. The received signal comes through an optical system (e.g., an optical filter that rejects optical noise, a lens system or concentrator that focuses light on the detector), passes through the photo diode (PD), and the resulting photo-current is amplified before the signal processing electronics transforms it back to the received data stream. In this way, data communication is successfully achieved. Unlike Wi-Fi, the technology uses visible light spectrum instead of the increasingly congested radio frequency (RF) spectrum. Similarly to Wi-Fi, this technology allows connection of different web-enabled devices such as computers, smart TVs, smart phones, etc. to internet; provides the inter-connection of Wi-Fi enabled things such as refrigerators, watches, cameras, etc. in Internet of Things (IoT); and makes off-loading from cellular networks possible, addressing this way capacity needs for mobile broadband connections. In addition, Li-Fi has a huge amount of visible light spectrum that is unregulated and does not require licenses. It has to be ensured, however, that Li-Fi systems do not present any health hazards and that they are properly installed so as not to create any electromagnetic interference. The files here are the codes for relay transmitter , receiver , for sending and receiving audio.
